c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\bin\Debug\PharmacyIMS.exe.config
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\bin\Debug\PharmacyIMS.exe
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\bin\Debug\PharmacyIMS.pdb
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS.g.resources
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS.exe
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS.pdb
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\AddProductWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\PharmacyIMS_Content.g.cs
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\bin\Debug\Database\DatabaseTest.mdf
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\bin\Debug\Database\DatabaseTest_log.ldf
c:\users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\AddProductWindow.baml
C:\Users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\EditProductWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\EditProductWindow.baml
C:\Users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\AddSupplierWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\AddSupplierWindow.baml
C:\Users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\EditSupplierWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\rjrjaleco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PharmacyIMS\PharmacyIMS\obj\Debug\Windows\EditSupplierWindow.baml
